[RHIDP-7712]: Add configuration files reference to the Configuring title (#2257)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configure_configuring-rhdh/con-helm-chart-values-file.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="helm-chart-values-file_{context}"]
= Helm chart values file

[role="_abstract"]
When you deploy {product-short} by using the Helm chart, the `values.yaml` file is the central deployment configuration. It controls how the Helm chart creates Kubernetes resources and can embed application configuration inline.

The following value paths control key aspects of the deployment:

`upstream.backstage.appConfig`::
Generates a config map with your application configuration. The Helm chart renders these values into an `{my-app-config-file}` config map automatically.

`upstream.backstage.extraAppConfig`::
References external config maps containing additional `{my-app-config-file}` files.

`global.dynamic.plugins`::
Configures the dynamic plugins to enable, disable, or customize.

[NOTE]
====

> Use Helm values for deployment-level concerns (image, replicas, resources, routes) and `{my-app-config-file}` for application behavior (authentication, catalog, plugins).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Helm values for deployment-level concerns, such as images, replicas, resources, and routes. Use `{my-app-config-file}` for application behavior, such as authentication, catalogs, and plugins.
```
(This is just a suggestion. A global one instead of using parenthesis.. but if you feel this isn't okay, you can ignore it!)

Reviewer 2: ISG suggests "Use parentheses to identify items such as abbreviations, symbols, and measurements, but avoid using parentheses in general text."

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=punctuation-parentheses
